.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.SH "NAME"
.LP
add-volume-to-node - Add an existing SAN volume to a node.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBadd-volume-to-node --volume=VOLUME --node=NODE [ --direct | --indirect ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The add-volume-to-node tool adds an pre-existing storage volume to an existing node.
This command will only work with nodes associated with a hardware profile that
supports dynamic addition and deletion of storage volumes.  For hardware profiles
that support both indirect and direct methods of attachment the --direct and
--indirect options can be used to choose the method to use.  If these options are
omitted the hardware profiles resource adapter determines the default.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--volume=\fIVOLUME
SAN volume identifier
.TP
\fB--node=\fINODENAME
Node to associate volume with.
.TP
\fB--direct
Use direct attachment method.
.TP
\fB--indirect
Use indirect attachement method.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
add-volume(8) get-volume-list(8) remove-volume-from-node(8) delete-volume(8)
