.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "add-nodes" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
add-nodes \- Add nodes to the system.
.SH "SYNTAX"

\fBadd-nodes [--idle] [--rack \fIRACKNUMBER\fB] [-n \fICOUNT\fB] [--software-profile \fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB] --hardware-profile \fIHARDWAREPROFILENAME\fB

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The add-nodes command runs in the foreground and starts accepting new nodes in the given hardware profile and displays information on each new node created.
.LP
If the -n option is given, add-nodes terminates once the count is satisfied. Without the -n option, add-nodes runs until interrupted by the keyboard (CTRL-C).
.LP
The add-nodes command associates the new nodes with the software profile given by the required --software-profile option.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fPSOFTWAREPROFILENAME
Create new nodes based on this software profile.
.TP
\fB--hardware-profile=\fPHARDWAREPROFILENAME
Create new nodes based on this hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--idle
Create new idle nodes.
.TP
\fB--rack=\fPRACKNUMBER
Replacement value for "#RR" in hardware profile name format when creating node names.
.TP
\fB-n=\fPCOUNT
Create specific number of nodes only.

.SH "Single MAC Import Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB--mac-addr=\fPMACADDR
MAC address to be added to cluster
.TP
\fB--host-name=\fPHOSTNAME
Set the host name for the node being imported
.TP
\fB--ip-address=\fPIPADDRESS
Set the IP address for the node being imported
.LP
.SH "MAC Import From File Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB--mac-file=\fPFILE
File containing list of MAC addresses to be added to cluster
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
add-nodes [--rack rackNumber] [-n COUNT] --software-profile SOFTWAREPROFILE --hardware-profile HARDWAREPROFILE
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
idle-active-node(8)
