.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "add-volume" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
add-volume - Create a new SAN volume
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBadd-volume --storage-adapter \fISTORAGEADAPTER\fB --size \fISIZE\fB [--shared --name-format \fIFORMAT\fB]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The add-volume tool creates a new storage volume in the cluster that can be associated with nodes.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--storage-adapter=\fISTORAGEADAPTER
SAN storage adapter to use to create the volume
.TP
\fB--size=\fISIZE
The size of the partition.  Use \'GB\' suffix for gigabytes or \'MB\' for megabytes.  Default units are megabytes. 
.TP
\fB--shared
If set the drive can be mounted by multilpe nodes simultaneously.
.TP
\fB--name-format=\fIFORMAT
Name format for volume name (used by storage adapter)
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
add-volume-to-node(8) get-volume-list(8) remove-volume-from-node(8) delete-volume(8)
