.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "add-datastore" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
add-datastore - Add a datastore to hypervisors under a given software profile.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBadd-datastore --software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB --label=\fILABEL\fB --host=\fIHOSTNAME\fB --directory=\fIDIRECTORY\fB
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The add-datastore command adds a datastore to the hypervisors under the given software profile. A datastore is a location where virtual machine information can be stored by a hypervisor.

Datastores differ from volumes in that volumes are disks which are directly or indirectly mounted on a node. Datastores, on the other hand, are storage locations where hypervisors store virtual disks, virtual BIOS settings, etc.

While a volume can be connected to any node (including a hypervisor) to provide general storage just like adding a physical hard disk to a machine, datastores may only be connected to a hypervisor, and are not directly visible to the virtual machines running on that hypervisor.

The datastore location must be a directory which can be mounted via NFS and is exported using the 'no_root_squash' option.

Datastores may be examined using the get-datastore-list command, and removed using the remove-datastore command.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB
Software profile where datastore will be attached.
.TP
\fB--label=\fILABEL\fB
Label to assign to this datastore.
.TP
\fB--host=\fIHOSTNAME\fB
Host where datastore resides.
.TP
\fB--directory=\fIDIRECTORY\fB
Directory on host where datastore resides.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
get-datastore-list(8)
remove-datastore(8)
