.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "create-software-profile" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
create-software-profile - Create a new software profile from a template.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBcreate-software-profile --list-templates
.LP
\fBcreate-software-profile --xml-file \fITEMPLATEPATH\fB --name=\fINAME\fB [--description=\fIDESCRIPTION\fB --os=\fIname-version-arch\fB --type=\fITYPE\fB --no-os-media-required]
.LP
\fBcreate-software-profile --name=\fINAME\fB [--description=\fIDESCRIPTION\fB] [--os=\fIname-version-arch\fB] [--type=\fITYPE\fB] [--no-os-media-required]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The create-software-profile tool either lists the paths of available templates or creates a software profile from an existing template.  When creating a software profile the description, os, and type specified in the template can be overridden by providing the appropriate command line options.
.LP
If \fI--xml-file\fR argument is not specified, the default template (found in
$TORTUGA_ROOT/share/templates/software/defaultSoftwareProfile.tmpl.xml) will be used.
.LP 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP
\fB--list-templates
List available software profile templates
.TP
\fB--xml-file \fITEMPLATEPATH
Path to software profile creation template
.TP
\fB--name=\fINAME
Hardware profile name
.TP 
\fB--description=\fIDESCRIPTION
Description for software profile
.TP
\fB--os=\fIname-version-arch
Operating system (default: Operating System of installer)
.TP
\fB--type=\fITYPE
Specify software profile type.
.TP
\fB--no-os-media-required
Nodes contained within this software profile do not require OS media. This setting is usually reserved for cloud instances that have default OS repositories configured.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
get-software-profile(8)
delete-software-profile(8)
