.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "delete-node" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
delete-node - Remove a node from the Tortuga System.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBdelete-node \fINAME\fR \fI[NAME...]\fR
.LP
\fBdelete-node --node \fINAME\fR
.LP
\fBdelete-node --node \fINAME[,NAME...]\fR
.LP
\fBcat nodes.txt | delete-node --node -
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The delete-node tool removes node(s) from the system.  
.LP
Note: names will be expanded to include the private DNS domain suffix. For example, if the node name is "compute-01.private" and the command to delete specifies "compute-01", the name will be expanded and the node "compute-01.private" will be deleted.
.LP
Attempts to remove the Tortuga installer node will be ignored.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB--node \fINAME
The name of the node to remove.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
delete-node compute-01
# delete node named "compute-01"
.TP
delete-node compute-01 compute-02 compute-03
# delete nodes named "compute-01", "compute-02", and "compute-03"
.TP
delete-node ip\\*
# delete all nodes matching wildcard "ip*"
.SH \fBAlternate syntax\fR
.TP
delete-node --node compute-01
# delete node named "compute-01"
.TP
delete-node --node compute-\\*
# delete all nodes matching wildcard "compute-*"
.TP
cat nodes.txt | delete-node --node -
# delete all nodes (one per line) listed in file "nodes.txt"
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
idle-node(8)
activate-node(8)
