.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "delete-admin-from-profile" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
delete-admin-from-profile - Remove an adminstrative user from a given hardware or software profile.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBdelete-admin-from-profile --admin-username=\fIADMINUSERNAME\fB --software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB
.LP
\fBdelete-admin-from-profile --admin-username=\fIADMINUSERNAME\fB --hardware-profile=\fIHARDWAREPROFILENAME\fB
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The delete-admin-from-profile tool removes the association between an existing adminstrative user and a hardware or software profile.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME
Software profile to update (cannot be used with \%--hardware-profile)
.TP
\fB--hardware-profile=\fIHARDWAREPROFILENAME
Hardware profile to update (cannot be used with \%--software-profile)
.TP
\fB--admin-username=\fIADMINUSERNAME
Admin username
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
delete-admin(8)
