.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "delete-kit" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
delete-kit - Remove an installed kit from the Tortuga system.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBdelete-kit [--force] --name=\fIKITNAME\fB [--version=\fIVERSION\fB --iteration=\fIITERATION\fB]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
Deletes an installed application or operating system kit from the Tortuga system.
.LP
All components in the kit being deleted must be disabled, using \fIdisable-component\fP, before the kit can be successfully deleted. This behaviour can be overridden using the \fI--force\fP option.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--force
Forcibly allow kit to be deleted even if components from the kit are enabled on software profile(s).
.TP
\fB--name=\fIKITNAME
The name of the kit to delete.
.TP
\fB--version=\fIVERSION
The version of the kit to delete.
.TP
\fB--iteration=\fIITERATION
The iteration of the kit to delete.
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
install-kit(8), disable-component(8)
