.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "get-nodes-with-component" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
get-nodes-with-component - Get the list of nodes that have the specified component enabled.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBget-nodes-with-component --kit-name=\fIKITNAME\fB --kit-version=\fIKITVERSION\fB --kit-iteration=\fIKITITERATION\fB --component-name=\fICOMPONENTNAME\fB [ --state=\fISTATE\fB --count=\fICOUNT\fB ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The get-nodes-with-component tool returns the list of nodes that have the
given component enabled.  The result set can be filtered by state and count.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--state=\fISTATE
Return nodes only of the csv list of states
.TP
\fB--count=\fICOUNT
Max number of Nodes to return
.TP
\fB--kit-name=\fIKITNAME
kit name
.TP
\fB--kit-version=\fIKITVERSION
kit version
.TP
\fB--kit-iteration=\fIKITITERATION
kit iteration name
.TP
\fB--component-name=\fICOMPONENTNAME
component name
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
Display list of all nodes with component \fBcore\fR enabled, which is part of in the kit \fBbase-1.0-0\fR:

\fBget-nodes-with-component \%--kit-name base \%--kit-version 1.0 \%--kit-iteration 0 \%--component-name core\fR
.LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
