.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "get-software-profile" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
get-software-profile - Display details of a software profile.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBget-software-profile --name=\fINAME\fB [--nodes] [--partitions] [--components] [--os] [--admins]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The get-software-profile tool displays information details of a specific software profile.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--name=\fINAME
Software profile name to query
.TP
\fB--nodes
Include list of nodes
.TP
\fB--partitions
Include list of partitions
.TP
\fB--components
Include enabled components
.TP
\fB--admins
Include list of admins
.LP
.SH "Output formatting options"
.LP
.TP
\fB--xml\fR
XML formatted output
.TP
\fB--json\fR
JSON formatted output
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.TP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
Display software profile \fBDefaultCompute\fR

   \fBget-software-profile --name DefaultCompute\fR
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
get-software-profile-list(8)
