.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "get-datastore-list" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
get-datastore-list - Show datastores attached to hypervisors
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBget-datastore-list --software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The get-datastore-list command shows the datastores attached to the hypervisors under the given software profile. A datastore is a location where virtual machine information can be stored by a virtual machine manager.

Datastores differ from volumes in that volumes are disks which are directly or indirectly mounted on a node. Datastores, on the other hand, are storage locations where hypervisors store virtual disks, virtual BIOS settings, etc.

While a volume can be connected to any node (including a hypervisor) to provide general storage just like adding a physical hard disk to a machine, datastores may only be connected to a hypervisor, and are not directly visible to the virtual machines running on that hypervisor.

If a datastore shows as "No" in the Sync column, this means that at least one hypervisor is not attached to that datastore. To correct this situation, simply run the add-datastore command as if adding that datastore for the first time.

Synchronization can be lost in some cases if you attempt to delete a datastore which has active virtual machines stored in it, or if you use an external manager console (non-Tortuga) to manage datastores.

Datastores may be added using the add-datastore command, and removed using the remove-datastore command.  
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB
Software profile for which to display datastores
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
add-datastore(8)
remove-datastore(8)
