.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.SH "NAME"
.LP
install-kit - Add a feature kit to the Tortuga system.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBinstall-kit \fIPACKAGEURL
.TP
\fBinstall-kit --package=\fIPACKAGEURL\fB [ --i-accept-the-eula ]
.TP
\fBinstall-kit --name=\fINAME\fB --version=\fIVERSION\fB --iteration=\fIITERATION\fB [ --i-accept-the-eula ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The install-kit tool adds a new feature kit to a Tortuga system.  Either a URL (file, http, ftp) or a name, version, iteration tuple can be specified.  When using the tuple form the tool will look at the configured online repository.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--package=\fIPACKAGEURL
Kit package URL
.TP
\fB--i-accept-the-eula
Accept the EULA for this kit
.TP
\fB--name=\fINAME
kit name
.TP
\fB--version=\fIVERSION
kit version
.TP
\fB--iteration=\fIITERATION
Kit iteration
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
\".SH "EXAMPLES"
\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
get-kit-list(8) delete-kit(8)

