.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "remove-datastore" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
remove-datastore - Remove a datastore from the hypervisors under the specified software profile.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBremove-datastore --software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB --label=\fILABEL\fB
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The remove-datastore command removes a datastore from the hypervisors under the given software profile. A datastore is a location where virtual machine information can be stored by a virtual machine manager.

Datastores differ from volumes in that volumes are disks which are directly or indirectly mounted on a node. Datastores, on the other hand, are storage locations where hypervisors store virtual disks, virtual BIOS settings, etc.

While a volume can be connected to any node (including a hypervisor) to provide general storage just like adding a physical hard disk to a machine, datastores may only be connected to a hypervisor, and are not directly visible to the virtual machines running on that hypervisor.

Attempting to remove a datastore which has active virtual machines on it will fail. It is possible that the datastore will be removed partially (from only some machines in the software profile). If this happens, you can simply re-add it using the add-datastore command.

Datastores may be examined using the get-datastore-list command, and added using the add-datastore command.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB
Software profile.
.TP
\fB--label=\fILABEL\fB
Label of datastore.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
add-datastore(8)
get-datastore-list(8)
