.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "tortuga-setup" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
tortuga-setup - Create intial Tortuga configuration.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBtortuga-setup [ --force --defaults -i \fIRESPONSEFILE\fB --i-accept-the-eula \fB]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The tortuga-setup tool is run after the installation of the Tortuga software in order to configure the base cluster environment.  A series of questions is asked with the answers determining the configuration to apply.  This command is only run once in a given cluster install.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--force
Flag for forcing installation under certain conditions
.TP
\fB--defaults
Flag for using default settings during installation
process
.TP
\fB-i \fIRESPONSEFILE\fR
Filename of response file
.TP
\fB--i-accept-the-eula
Accept the Tortuga EULA.
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
Reinstall Tortuga on an existing installation:

\fBtortuga-setup --force\fR

Note: this will cause all existing cluster information to be destroyed, including all database records (hardware/software profiles, node information, etc)
.LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
