.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "uc-tag" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
ug-tag \- Manage resource tags.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBuc-tag \fI<list|add|remove|delete>
.LP
Subcommands
.LP
List all currently defined tags
.LP
\fBuc-tag \fIlist
.LP
Add tag to specified resources.
\fBuc-tag \fIadd\fB [--software-profile NAME] [--hardware-profile NAME] [--node NAME] [[--tag NAME=VALUE]...]
.LP
Remove tag from specified resources
.LP
\fBuc-tag \fIremove\fB [--software-profile NAME] [--hardware-profile NAME] [--node NAME] [[--tag NAME=VALUE]...]
.LP
Delete tag from system (and subsequently, all resources)
.LP
\fBuc-tag \fIdelete\fB [[--tag NAME=VALUE]...]
.LP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
ug-tag manages resource tagging within Tortuga. It is allows tagging of nodes, software profiles, and hardware profiles.
.LP
Tags allow grouping similar resources using common key or key-value pairs. For example, all resources required by a specific application and/or project may use a unique tag.

\fBuc-tag add [--software-profile NAME] [--hardware-profile NAME] [--node NAME]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
ug-tag manages resource tagging within Tortuga. It is allows tagging of nodes, software profiles, and hardware profiles.
.LP
Tags allow grouping similar resources using common key or key-value pairs. For example, all resources required by a specific application and/or project may use a unique tag.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
List currently defined tags:
.LP
uc-tag list
.LP
Add tag 'project=app1' to node:
.LP
uc-tag add --node compute-01.private --tag project=app1
.LP
Wildcards may also be used:
.LP
uc-tag add --node compute\* --tag project=app1
.LP
Add tag 'project=app1' to software profile:
.LP
uc-tag add --software-profile Compute --tag project=app1
.LP
Remove 'project' tag from software profile:
.LP
uc-tag remove --software-profile Compute --tag project
.LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
get-node-status(8)
get-software-profile-list(8)
get-hardware-profile-list(8)
