.\" Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Univa
.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Univa UD

.TH "unicloud-setup" "8" "6.2" "Univa" "UniCloud"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
unicloud-setup - Create intial UniCloud configuration.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBunicloud-setup [ --force --defaults -i \fIRESPONSEFILE\fB --i-accept-the-eula \fB]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The unicloud-setup tool is run after the installation of the UniCloud software in order to configure the base cluster environment.  A series of questions is asked with the answers determining the configuration to apply.  This command is only run once in a given cluster install.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--force
Flag for forcing installation under certain conditions
.TP
\fB--defaults
Flag for using default settings during installation
process
.TP
\fB-i \fIRESPONSEFILE\fR
Filename of response file
.TP
\fB--i-accept-the-eula
Accept the UniCloud EULA.
.SH "Common UniCloud Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
Reinstall UniCloud on an existing installation:

\fBunicloud-setup --force\fR

Note: this will cause all existing cluster information to be destroyed, including all database records (hardware/software profiles, node information, etc)
.LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
