.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "update-volume" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
update-volume - Update an existing SAN volume
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBupdate-volume --volume VOLUMENAME --shared | --no-shared
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The update-volume tool updates an existing volume in the storage system.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--volume=VOLUME
The volume to update
.TP
\fB--shared
If set the drive cannot be mounted by multiple nodes simultaneously.
.TP
\fB--no-shared
If set the drive can be mounted by multiple nodes simultaneously.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
add-volume-to-node(8) get-volume-list(8) remove-volume-from-node(8) delete-volume(8)
