.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "activate-node" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
activate-node \- The activate-node command transfers the given idle node to the given active software profile.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBactivate-node --node \fINODENAME\fB [--software-profile \fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The activate-node command transfers the given idle node to the given active software profile.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--node=\fINODENAME
Name of the node to activate.
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME
Name of active software profile to transfer node to.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fICONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fICONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fIUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fIPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
idle-node(8)
