.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "add-nodes" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
add-nodes \- Add nodes to the system.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
.B add-nodes
[\fB\-\-rack\fR \fINUMBER\fR]
[\fB\-n\fR \fICOUNT\fR]
[\fB\-\-software-profile\fR \fINAME\fR]
\fB\-\-hardware-profile\fR \fINAME\fR
[\fB\-\-force\fR]
.LP
.B add-nodes \-\-mac-addr \fIxx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx\fR
[\fB\-\-rack\fR \fINUMBER\fR]
[\fB\-\-software-profile\fR \fINAME\fR]
\fB\-\-hardware-profile\fR \fINAME\fR
[\fB\-\-force\fR]
.LP
.B add-nodes \-\-idle
[\fB\-\-rack\fR \fINUMBER\fR]
[\fB\-n \fICOUNT\fR]
[\fB\-\-software-profile\fR \fINAME\fR]
\fB\-\-hardware-profile\fR \fINAME\fR
[\fB\-\-force\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The add-nodes command runs in the foreground and starts accepting new
nodes in the given hardware profile and displays information on each new
node created.
.LP
The add-nodes command associates the new nodes with the software profile
given by the required \fB--software-profile\fR option.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fPNAME
Create new nodes based on this software profile.
.TP
\fB--hardware-profile=\fPNAME
Create new nodes based on this hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--rack=\fPNUMBER
Replacement value for "\fI#RR\fR" in hardware profile name format when creating node names.
.TP
\fB--count=\fpCOUNT, -n=\fPCOUNT
Create specific number of nodes only.
.TP
.B \-\-force
Allow adding nodes to soft locked software profile.
.SH "Single MAC Import Options"
.TP
\fB--mac-addr=\fPMACADDR
MAC address to be added to cluster
.TP
\fB--host-name=\fPHOSTNAME
Set the host name for the node being imported
.TP
\fB--ip-address=\fPIPADDRESS
Set the IP address for the node being imported
.LP
.SH "MAC Import From File Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB--mac-file=\fPFILE
File containing list of MAC addresses to be added to cluster
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
Add 3 nodes to software profile \fIexecd\fR and hardware profile \fIaws\fR:
.PP
.nf
.RS
add-nodes -n3 --software-profile execd --hardware-profile aws
.RE
.fi
.PP
Add physical/on-premise node or VM by MAC address:
.PP
.nf
.RS
add-nodes --mac-addr 00:00:00:00:00:01 \\
    --software-profile compute --hardware-profile localiron
.RE
.fi
.PP
.SH "AUTHORS"
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR get-node-status(8),
.BR delete-node(8)
