.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "disable-component" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
disable-component - Disable a component that is currently associated with a software profile.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBdisable-component --software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB --kit-name=\fIKITNAME\fB --kit-version=\fIKITVER\fB --kit-iteration=\fIKITITER\fB --comp-name=\fICOMPNAME\fB --comp-version=\fICOMPVER\fB
.TP
\fBdisable-component --software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB \fIKITNAME\fB-\fIKITVER\fB-\fIKITITER\fB \fICOMPNAME\fB-\fICOMPVER\fB
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The disable-component tool is used to remove an association between a component and a software profile.  After running disable-component and cfmsync the components software should be removed from the machines belonging to the specified software profile.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME
Software profile to disable component on
.TP
\fB--kit-name=\fIKITNAME
kit name
.TP
\fB--kit-version=\fIKITVERSION
kit version
.TP
\fB--kit-iteration=\fIKITITERATION
kit iteration
.TP
\fB--comp-name=\fICOMPNAME
component name
.TP
\fB--comp-version=\fICOMPVERSION
component version
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
enable-component(8)
get-component-list(8)
get-kit-list(8)
