.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "generate-nii-profile" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
generate-nii-profile - (Re)generate node/cluster information file
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBgenerate-nii-profile [--node=NODENAME] [\%--root-mount-point ROOTMOUNTPOINT] --installer INSTALLER 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The generate-nii-profile tool (re)generates the node/cluster information file.  It is an XML-formatted file used internally by Tortuga.  It contains details about the node, hardware and software profiles, and global cluster settings.

Although XML-formatted, this file would not typically be used by an end-user or third-party application.  It is used internally as a 'cache' for various Tortuga utilities.

If this file is modified in such a way that it can no longer be parsed, Tortuga command-line utilities will fail.  \fBgenerate-nii-profile\fR can be used to regenerate the file and restore functionality.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--installer=\fIINSTALLER
IP address or host name of installer from which to get the node information.  This is a required parameter.
.TP
\fB--node=\fIADMINUSERNAME
Name of the node for which NII profile is being generated.  If this option is not provided, the NII profile is generated for the current node.
.TP
\fB--root-mount-point=\fIROOTMOUNTPOINT
Specify where the file will be written.  The file will be written to <ROOTMOUNTPOINT>/etc/profile.nii.  This option is normally only required when called as part of the provisioning process.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
Regenerate /etc/profile.nii on a compute node within the cluster where the installer's host name is 'installer01.example.com':

.B generate-nii-profile --installer=installer01.example.com
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
