.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "get-component-list" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
get-component-list - Returns the list of Tortuga components available in the system.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBget-component-list [--software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB | -p] | [--os=NAME-VERSION-ARCH]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The get-component list tool returns the list of components available for software profiles in the system.  The option '--software-profile' instructs the tool to return the list of enabled components in a given software profile.  The option '-p' displays components enabled only on the installer.
.LP
When the '--os' option is specified, only components suitable for that operating system are displayed.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fPSOFTWAREPROFILENAME
Display list of components enabled in software profile
.TP
\fB--os=NAME-VERSION-ARCH
Display only those components suitable for specified operating system.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
enable-component(8)
disable-component(8)
