.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "get-hardware-profile" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
get-hardware-profile - Display details of a hardware profile.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBget-hardware-profile --name=\fINAME\fB [--nodes] [--networks] [--admins]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The get-hardware-profile tool displays information details of a specific hardware profile.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--name=\fINAME
Name of hardware profile to query
.TP
\fB--nodes
Include list of nodes
.TP
\fB--networks
Include list of networks
.TP
\fB--admins
Include list of admins
.LP
.SH "Output formatting options"
.LP
.TP
\fB--json\fR
JSON formatted output
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--url=\fPURL
Tortuga web service URL
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Tortuga web service username
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Tortuga web server password
.LP
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
Display hardware profile LocalIron and include nodes in output:

\fBget-hardware-profile --name LocalIron --nodes\fR
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
create-hardware-profile(8)
