.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "identify-node-by-ip-address" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
identify-node-by-ip-address - Get Tortuga node name for current node
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBidentify-node-by-ip-address --installer=\fIPRIMARYINSTALLER\fB 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBidentify-node-by-ip-address\fR tool returns the node name of the current node as it's known by the Tortuga installer.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB--installer=\fIPRIMARYINSTALLER\fR
Host name or IP address of installer
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
From a compute node, obtain the node name as it's known by the Tortuga installer.
.LP
.B identify-node-by-ip-address --installer=installer-01
.LP
The installer in this example has the host name "installer-01":
.LP
Same command using the IP address of the installer:
.LP
.B identify-node-by-ip-address --installer=10.0.0.1
.SH "AUTHORS"
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
