.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "set-profile-mapping" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
set-profile-mapping - Adjust the software uses hardware profile mapping.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBset-profile-mapping --software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME\fB --hardware-profile=\fIHARDWAREPROFILENAME
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The set-profile-mapping tool adjusts the 'software uses hardware' attribute on a software profile.  This attribute allows for a restriciton on what hardware profiles a given software profile can be associated with.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--software-profile=\fISOFTWAREPROFILENAME
Software profile name
.TP
\fB--hardware-profile=\fIHARDWAREPROFILENAME
Hardware profile name
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
idle-active-node(8)

