.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "update-hardware-profile" "8" "6.3" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
update-hardware-profile - Update an existing hardware profile in the Tortuga system.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBupdate-hardware-profile [OPTION] --name=\fINAME\fB
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The update-hardware-profile tool updates an existing hardware profile in the Tortuga system.
.LP
Nodes receive several configuration parameters from the hardware profile they are associated with.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--name=\fINAME
Name of hardware profile to be updated.
.TP
\fB--new-name=\fINAME
New name of hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--description=\fIDESCRIPTION
User description of this hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--name-format=\fINAMEFORMAT
Name format for hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--kernel=\fIKERNEL
Kernel used by this hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--kernel-parameters=\fIKERNELPARAMETERS
Kernel parameters for hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--initrd=\fIINITRD
Initrd for hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--software-override-allowed=\fISOALLOWED
Can kernel and initrd values from a software profile be used.
.TP
\fB--idle-software-profile=\fIHARDWAREPROFILENAME
Idle software profile associated with this hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--location=\fILOCATION
Physical location of nodes in this hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--local-boot-parameters=\fILOCALBOOTPARAMETERS
The Grub configuration contents for member nodes.
.TP
\fB--resource-adapter=\fIRESOURCEADAPTER
Resource adapter assocated with this hardware profile.
.TP
\fB--add-provisioning-nic=\fINIC
Provisioning NIC to associate with the hardware profile.  Multiple \fB--add-provisioning-nic\fR options can be specified at once.
.TP
\fB--delete-provisioning-nic=\fINIC
Provisioning NIC to delete from the hardware profile.  Multiple \fB--delete-provisioning-nic\fR options can be specified at once.
.TP
\fB--add-network=\fINETWORK
A network to associate with the hardware profile.  Multiple \fB--add-network\fR options can be specified at once.  The format of the network parameter is "network-address/netmask/device-name".
.TP
\fB--delete-network=\fINETWORK
A network to delete from the hardware profile.  Multiple \fB--delete-network\fR options can be specified at once.  The format of the network parameter is "network-address/netmask/device-name".
.TP
\fB--cost=\fICOST
Set the "cost" of the hardware profile. The cost value is arbitrary and is
generally used in cloud-bursting rules.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
\fBBasic Update
.TP
\fRupdate-hardware-profile --name HwTest --name-format compute-hwtest-#NN --location remote
.LP
\fBDelete a provisioning NIC
.TP
\fRupdate-hardware-profile --name HwTest --delete-provisioning-nic 172.19.0.1
.LP
\fBAdd a provisioning NIC
.TP
\fRupdate-hardware-profile --name HwTest --add-provisioning-nic 172.19.0.1
.LP
\fBDelete a network
.TP
\fRupdate-hardware-profile --name HwTest --delete-network 172.19.0.0/255.255.255.0/e1000g0
.LP
\fBAdd a network
.TP
\fRupdate-hardware-profile --name HwTest --add-network 172.19.0.0/255.255.255.0/e1000g0
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
get-hardware-profile(8), get-hardware-profile-list(8)
