.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "update-node-status" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
update-node-status - *INTERNAL, DO NOT USE* - Update a node's status
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBupdate-node-status [--node=\fINODENAME\fB] [--status=\fISTATUS\fB] [--boot-from=\fIBOOTFROM\fB]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The update-node-status tool updates the status of a node in the database.
.LP
THIS COMMAND IS USED INTERNALLY AND IS NOT MEANT FOR USE BY END-USERS.
.LP
It is called automatically after a node's first boot and should not be used manually unless advised to do so by customer support.  Improper usage can corrupt the database and leave nodes in an unmanageable state.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--node=\fINODENAME
Name of node to update (default is the current node)
.TP
\fB--status=\fISTATUS
Status to write into database (default is 'Installed')
.TP
\fB--boot-from=\fIBOOTFROM
Bootfrom value to write into database (default is 1)
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
