.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "update-admin" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
update-admin - Update an existing adminstrative user in the Tortuga system.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBupdate-admin --admin-username=\fIADMINUSERNAME\fB --admin-password=\fIADMINPASSWORD\fB --admin-id=\fIADMINID\fB [--uncrypted] [--admin-realname=\fIADMINREALNAME\fB] [--admin-description=\fIADMINDESCRIPTION\fB]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The update-admin tool updates a single administrative user to the Tortuga system.  This user does not need to match any operating system user.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
\fBRename admin user "joe" with ID 7 to "bob":
.LP
\fRupdate-admin --admin-id 7 --admin-username bob
.LP
\fBChange password of user "joe":
.LP
\fRupdate-admin --admin-username joe --admin-password joepassword
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB--admin-username=\fIADMINUSERNAME
New username of new admin.
.TP
\fB--admin-password=\fIADMINPASSWORD
New password of new admin.
.TP
\fB--uncrypted
Is the password un-crypted.
.TP
\fB--admin-id=\fIADMINID
ID of admin to update.  This can be retrieved with get-admin(8).
.TP
\fB--admin-realname=\fIADMINREALNAME
Real name of new admin.
.TP
\fB--admin-description=\fIADMINDESCRIPTION
Description of new admin.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
.LP
.TP
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
add-admin(8)
add-admin-to-profile(8)
delete-admin(8)
delete-admin-from-profile(8)
get-admin-list(8)

