.\" Copyright 2008-2018 Univa Corporation
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH "update-network" "8" "7.0" "Univa" "Tortuga"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
update-network - Add a network to the Tortuga system.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP
\fBupdate-network [--xml-file=\fIXMLFILE\fB|--address=\fINETWORK\fB --subnet=\fINETMASK\fB --name=\fINAME\fB --type=\fI[public|provision]\fB] [--suffix=\fISUFFIX\fB --gateway=\fIIP\fB --options=\fIOPTIONS\fB --start-ip=\fIIP\fB --increment=\fIINCREMENT\fB [--dhcp | --static]\fB]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
The update-network tool updates a single network to the Tortuga system.  This network can then be associated with zero or more hardware profiles so that Tortuga can manage the cluster network topology.
.LP
The update-network tool has to forms one in which the network is provided via a XML file representation (as returned by \fBget-network(8)\fR) and the other where all of the options are specified on the command line.
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
\fB--address=\fINETWORK\fR\%
Network address for new network (ie. 192.168.15.0)
.TP
\fB--subnet=\fINETMASK
Network subnet address for the new network (ie. 255.255.255.0)
.TP
\fB--suffix=\fISUFFIX
Network suffix for use in making network specific dns entries (ie. compute-01-nfsNet with suffix being -nfsNet)
.TP
\fB--gateway=\fIIP
The default gateway for the network.
.TP
\fB--options=\fIOPTIONS
Extensible network options.
.TP
\fB--name=\fINAME
Descriptive network name.
.TP
\fB--start-ip=\fIIP
Network starting IP address.
.TP
\fB--type=\fI[public|provision]
Network type.
.TP
\fB--increment=\fIINCREMENT
Network address increment when searching for the next address to assign during add-host discovery.
.TP
\fB--dhcp
Indicates that address assignment is made via DHCP.
.TP
\fB--static
Indicates that address assignment is static.
.TP
\fB--vlan-id=\fIVLANID
VLAN ID
.TP
\fB--vlan-parent=\fIVLANPARENTNETWORK
Parent IP network of the VLAN IP network.
.TP
\fB--xml-file=\fIXMLFILE
A file pointing to an XML representation of a Network.
.LP
.SH "Common Tortuga Options"
\fB-h, --help
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-?
show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-v
print version and exit.
.TP
\fB-d \fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL\fB, --debug=\fPCONSOLELOGLEVEL
set debug level; valid values are: critical, error, warning, info, debug
.TP
\fB--username=\fPUSERNAME
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.TP
\fB--password=\fPPASSWORD
Credential to use when not running as root on the Installer.
.\".SH "EXAMPLES"
.\".LP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Univa Support <support@univa.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
add-network(8)
delete-network(8)
get-network(8)
get-network-list(8)
